ML KIT TRANSLATION: 
I done with trying to implement ml kit in my project I already lost countless hours doing so. I going to flip around the script and implement my UI and functionality into already existing ML Kit file which is currently used like demo example for functionality of a face detection, I want to implement few things i already have in my project and need to translate them to the face detection file, for now I will just make new flutter project where I need guidelines of what files i need to move in which folders and how to tie them together to work. And that is where later all of my UI will be integrated in project, I will give you guidelines how to make every part of needed UI. (I'm not sure how but I would like for the project to be  as segmented/separated in files as possible just to have smaller chunks to debug or if its needed to understand better). 

UI ADDITIONS: 
For each ui element implemented I want an all covering testing plan for that specific ui element to be sure everything is fine and looks and works as it supposed. UI Elements List: 1. Landing page for my photo booth app, already have everything made for that only navigation to go from this page to app function may change,  2. main function of app file lets call it will be already implemented face detection and only that will there. 3. I need a button on the side to take a foto when user wants that button leads to imagePreview.dart. , 4. Next to the shutter button should be a timer button that delays shutter for 5,10,15s or displays stopwatch icon if it is default (0s). , 5. Instead of flashlight I would to include gamma button that can adjust whiteness of an final image/live feed form camera, 6. Down in the middle of a screen should be left-right scrollable menu of applicable fillters, for now there in them can just be placeholders like numbers (later pictures for filters) , size of them should be like 2-3cm diametar of a filter bubble and to have spacing (1-1,5cm) in between, also there only should be 3.5 filter bubbles visible in the menu so it will be logical to scroll. 